Move-QTS-and-PGCE-pages-into-train-to-be-a-teacher (#3637)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/what-is-a-pgce.md

date: "2021-11-01"
image: "static/content/hero-images/0015.jpg"
backlink: "../../"
navigation: 20.55

> navigation_title: What is a PGCE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
navigation_title: Postgraduate certificate in education (PGCE)
```

> navigation_description: Find out what a postgraduate certificate in education (PGCE) is and if you need one.

Reviewer: As per the QTS suggestion, I think we need to try and get across that PGCE is additional rather than being what you need as a standalone qualification

My suggested description isn't quite right yet though!

```suggestion
navigation_description: Having a PGCE in addition to QTS can help you develop your teaching skills and knowledge.
```

> navigation_description: A PGCE can help develop your teaching skills and knowledge. You will also need English qualified teacher status (QTS) to teach in maintained schools in England.

Reviewer: I don't think `also` is quite right here @philspray as it implies you **need** both, which is a bit confusing when read alongside the QTS nav description?

Would maybe suggest something like:

* Having a PGCE as well as qualified teacher status (QTS) can help you develop your teaching skills and knowledge.

However, I think this is one to check with policy
